chore: move OIDC PKCE support from UI to backend (#21729)
argoproj/argo-cd: docs/operator-manual/upgrading/3.0-3.1.md

The `--staticassets` directory in the API server (`/app/shared` by default) is now protected against out-of-bounds
symlinks. This is to help protect against symlink attacks. If you have any symlinks in your `--staticassets` directory
to a location outside the directory, they will return a 500 error starting with 3.1.

## OpenID Connect authorization code flow with PKCE is now handled by the server instead of the UI

Previously, when PKCE was enabled, the authorization code flow (the process which happens when you log in to Argo CD using OpenID Connect) was handled by the UI, whereas this flow was handled by the server if PKCE was not enabled. The server now always handles this flow, PKCE being enabled or not.

### Detection

> To check wether PKCE is used, run the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To check whether PKCE is used or not, run the following command:
```
